"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." — Linus Torvalds
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." — Harold Abelson
"Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." — Martin Fowler
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." — John Johnson
"Simplicity is the soul of efficiency." — Austin Freeman
"Premature optimization is the root of all evil." — Donald Knuth
"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." — Cory House
"Make it work, make it right, make it fast." — Kent Beck
"The best error message is the one that never shows up." — Thomas Fuchs
"Deleted code is debugged code." — Jeff Sickel
"Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out." — Chris Pine
"The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it." — Dennis Ritchie
"Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering." — Bill Gates
"Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable." — Ralph Johnson
"Weeks of coding can save you hours of planning." — Anonymous
"Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes." — Oscar Wilde
"Java is to JavaScript what car is to carpet." — Chris Heilmann
"Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." — Bill Gates
"Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability." — Edsger W. Dijkstra
"There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things." — Phil Karlton
"A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing." — Alan Perlis
"Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding." — Burt Rutan
"Good code is its own best documentation." — Steve McConnell
"Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treatment." — Kent Beck
"If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in." — Edsger W. Dijkstra
"Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming." — Brian Kernighan
"The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before." — Bill Gates
"Don't comment bad code — rewrite it." — Brian Kernighan
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." — Albert Einstein
"The most damaging phrase in the language is: 'We've always done it this way.'" — Grace Hopper
